RSNA Knee Abnormality Detection
Create a model that can detect knee abnormalities based on multimodal imaging data


RSNA Knee Abnormality Detection

Submit Prediction
Overview
A single knee scan can reveal a dozen different problems. In this competition, you are tasked to build machine learning models that detect a defined set of clinically important abnormalities on knee MRI examinations.

Start

16 hours ago
Close

3 months to go
Merger & Entry
Description
Evaluation
Submissions are evaluated by the average area under the ROC curve between the predicted confidence scores and the observed targets across the twelve targets:


The final score is, in other words, the macro-averaged AUC ROC.

Submission File
For each row in the test set, you must predict a confidence score for each of the twelve target labels. The file should contain a header and have the following format:

StudyInstanceUID,ACL,MCL,Medial Meniscus,Lateral Meniscus,Medial OA,Lateral OA,PF OA,Effusion,Synovitis,Baker's,Contusion,Fracture
<uid_1>,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5
<uid_2>,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5
...
Timeline
July 30, 2026 - Start Date.
October 15, 2026 - Entry Deadline. You must accept the competition rules before this date in order to compete.
October 15, 2026 - Team Merger Deadline. This is the last day participants may join or merge teams.
October 22, 2026 - Final Submission Deadline.
November 5, 2026 - Winners' Requirement Deadline. This is the deadline for winners to submit to the host/Kaggle their training code, video and method description.
All deadlines are at 11:59 PM UTC on the corresponding day unless otherwise noted. The competition organizers reserve the right to update the contest timeline if they deem it necessary.

Prizes
Main Leaderboard
First Prize: $9,000
Second Prize: $7,000
Third Prize: $6,500
Fourth Prize: $6,000
Fifth Prize: $5,500
Sixth Prize: $5,000
Seventh Prize: $5,000
Eighth Prize: $5,000
Ninth Prize: $5,000
Tenth Prize: $5,000


Efficiency Track
First Efficiency Prize: $7,000
Second Efficiency Prize: $6,000
Third Efficiency Prize: $5,000

Because this competition is being hosted in coordination with the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) Annual Meeting, winners will be invited and strongly encouraged to attend the AI Challenge Recognition Event with waived fee, contingent on review of solution and fulfillment of winners' obligations.

Note that, per the competition rules, in addition to the standard Kaggle Winners' Obligations (open-source licensing requirements, solution packaging/delivery, presentation to host), the host team also asks that you:

(i) create a short video presenting your approach and solution, and

(ii) publish a link to your open sourced code and the weights on the competition forum

(iii) Share final version of model as publicly available for open distribution and validation. Please see https://www.kaggle.com/models/tom99763/9th-place-models-rsna-iad/PyTorch/default as an example.

Code Requirements


Submissions to this competition must be made through Notebooks. In order for the "Submit" button to be active after a commit, the following conditions must be met:

CPU Notebook <= 9 hours run-time
GPU Notebook <= 9 hours run-time
Internet access disabled
Freely & publicly available external data is allowed, including pre-trained models
Submission file must be named submission.csv
Please see the Code Competition FAQ for more information on how to submit. And review the code debugging doc if you are encountering submission errors.

Efficiency Prize Evaluation
Efficiency Prize
We are hosting a second track that focuses on model efficiency, because highly accurate models are often computationally heavy.

For the Efficiency Prize, we will evaluate submissions on both runtime and predictive performance.

To be eligible for an Efficiency Prize, a submission:

Must be among the submissions selected by a team for the Leaderboard Prize, or else among those submissions automatically selected under the conditions described in the My Submissions tab.
Must be ranked on the Private Leaderboard higher than the sample_submission.csv benchmark.
All submissions meeting these conditions will be considered for the Efficiency Prize. A submission may be eligible for both the Leaderboard Prize and the Efficiency Prize.

An Efficiency Prize will be awarded to eligible submissions according to how they are ranked by the following evaluation metric on the private test data. See the Prizes tab for the prize awarded to each rank. More details may be posted via discussion forum updates.

Efficiency Score
We compute a submission's efficiency score by:

where 
 is the submission's score on the main competition metric, 
 is the score of the benchmark sample_submission.csv, 
 is the maximum 
 of all submissions on the Private Leaderboard, and 
 is the number of seconds it takes for the submission to be evaluated. The objective is to minimize the efficiency score.

During the training period of the competition, you may see a leaderboard for the public test data in the following notebook, updated daily: Efficiency Leaderboard. After the competition ends, we will update this leaderboard with efficiency scores on the private data. During the training period, this leaderboard will show only the rank of each team, but not the complete score.

Citation
Po-Hao “Howard” Chen, Naveen Subhas, Robyn Ball, Pieter Baeyens, Errol Colak, Ali Emami, Hillary Garner, Jacob Kazam, Hui-Ming Lin, Luciano Prevedello, Daniel Schneider, Jason Sho, Ryan Holbrook, and María Cruz. RSNA Knee Abnormality Detection. https://kaggle.com/competitions/rsna-knee-abnormality-detection, 2026. Kaggle.
